Add missing options of the copy and incremental import commands (#2068)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/changes-deprecations-removals.adoc

For more information, see xref:clustering/databases.adoc#s3-seed-provider[Seed from URI].

== Changes in Neo4j 2025.x

The section covers changes to Neo4j server functionality across different areas.

=== Neo4j-admin tool

Neo4j 2025.01::

* The `neo4j-admin database copy` command.
+

> The `--from-pagecache=<size>` option is replaced with an option: `--from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory=<size>`, which controls the amount of off-heap memory used for the copy operation.

Reviewer: This sounds really confusing: I read it as "--from-pagecache is replaced by --from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory", as if you have to write the option like: `--from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory=xyz` which isn't true. You should write _ONLY_ `--max-off-heap-memory=xyz` _OR_ `--from-pagecache=xyz`.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's the confusing part. In the command line help, `--max-off-heap-memory` is *not* mentioned in the USAGE section, there we have only `[--from-pagecache=<size>]`. However, in the OPTIONS section, we have `--from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory=<size>`, which looks like I need to use both together.

> The `--from-pagecache=<size>` option is replaced with an option: `--from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory=<size>`, which controls the amount of off-heap memory used for the copy operation.

Author: ```suggestion
The functionality of the `--from-pagecache=<size>` option is changed.
Now it controls the amount of off-heap memory used for the copy operation.

To reflect this change, a new name was added to the option: `--max-off-heap-memory=<size>`. +
The option is now represented as `--from-pagecache, --max-off-heap-memory=<size>`. 
```
